Minor edits to Events chapter (#443)
pmix/pmix-standard: Chap_API_Event.tex

%
\end{itemize}

Users can specify the callback order of a handler within its category at the time of registration. 

> Users can specify that a given handler be executed before or after another target handler should both handlers appear in an event chain (the ordering is ignored if the other handler isn't included). 

Reviewer: Per 3Q 2023 ASC meeting:
```suggestion
Users can specify that a given handler be executed before or after another target handler should both handlers appear in the event chain (the ordering is ignored if the other handler isn't included). 
```

> The ordering is dictated by providing the event handler name of the target.  The name must have been assigned the target handler was registered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ordering is dictated by providing the target event handler name.  The name must have been assigned when the target handler was registered.
```

Author: The wording on the first part was intentional, though your suggestion may still be valid.  The reason we said it the way we did "event handler name of the target" was because event handlers may not have names, so we wanted it to be especially clear that you are providing the name of the target (which you would need to define) as opposed to "target event handler name" which would more easily make the reader believe that such a name exists.  Maybe your approach is clear enough though and certainly reads better, so we will discuss next week.

%%%%
\descr

Register an event handler to report events. Note that the codes being registered do \textit{not} need to be \ac{PMIx} event constants --- any integer value can be registered. This allows for registration of non-PMIx events such as those defined by a particular \ac{SMS} vendor or by an application itself.

\adviceuserstart

> In order to avoid potential conflicts, users are advised to only use values as event codes if they lie outside the range of the \ac{PMIx} standard's error and event codes (See \ref{api:struct:usererrors}). Thus, \ac{SMS} vendors and application developers should constrain their definitions to positive values or negative values beyond the \refconst{PMIX_EXTERNAL_ERR_BASE} boundary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to avoid potential conflicts, users are advised to only use event code values that lie outside the range of the \ac{PMIx} standard's error and event codes (See \ref{api:struct:usererrors}). Thus, \ac{SMS} vendors and application developers should constrain their definitions to positive values or negative values beyond the \refconst{PMIX_EXTERNAL_ERR_BASE} boundary.
```

\adviceuserend

\advicermstart

> On the server side, the notification function, \refapi{pmix_server_notify_event_fn_t} (See \ref{chap:server:func_pointers}), is used to inform the \ac{PMIx} server library's host of a detected event in the \ac{PMIx} server library. Events generated by \ac{PMIx} clients are communicated to the \ac{PMIx} server library, but will be relayed to the host via this \refapi{pmix_server_notify_event_fn_t} function pointer, if provided.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the server side, the notification function, \refapi{pmix_server_notify_event_fn_t} (See \ref{chap:server:func_pointers}), is used to inform the \ac{PMIx} server library's host of a detected event in the \ac{PMIx} server library. Events generated by \ac{PMIx} clients are communicated to the \ac{PMIx} server library, but will be relayed to the host via its \refapi{pmix_server_notify_event_fn_t} function pointer, if provided.
```

Author: Ty and commited.

\returnend

\reqattrstart
The following attributes are required to be supported by all \ac{PMIx} libraries and will be passed to all invoked handlers:

> 

Author: add a "when relevant" to this intro

%
\declareconstitemvalue{PMIX_EVENT_ACTION_DEFERRED}{-333}
Event handler: Action deferred.
\end{constantdesc}
%

> The following status code may be returned by a handler to stop the handler chain.  It will not appear in the \refarg{results} for any handler invocation since it is the last handler executed in the chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following status code may be returned by a handler to stop the handler chain.  It will not appear in the \refarg{results} for any handler invocation since the handler that produces it is the last handler executed in the chain.
```

Author: Ty and commited
